After business objectives had been set and contracts have been signed,
it's imperative to find ways to make sure that
your company is diligent about meeting its SLA goals.
When it comes to infrequent events,
such as disaster recovery failovers,
it can be tempting to deprioritize this work.
You must be very cautious and make sure that you're spending
the appropriate time and resources to make sure you maintain these capabilities.
Depending on your industry,
your company may be more or less comfortable with
taking the time and resources to prepare for these types of events.
If you work for an industry that is government regulated,
this is probably a fairly common thing within your company and within your industry.
If you work at a company that is not government regulated,
your company may be less familiar with taking
the time and the resources to follow through on these procedures.
But it's still imperative to meet
your SLAs and the commitments you've made to your customers.